[wind gusting]
[bird chirping]
[birds calling]
[birds singing]
[frog croaking]
- [bird cawing]
- [dog barking in distance]
[dog barking, echoing]
[dog howling]
[barking, echoing]
[dog barking]
[dog braying and barking]
[barking continues]
[gunshots]
[dog barking fading]
You poor little fella.
It's all right.
Big Mama's here.
[dogs braying, barking]
You know, you're gonna
need some caring for.
Now... Now,
let's see, darlin'.
You need, um...
Oh, no, no, no, no, no.
[chuckles]
Not me.
Not Big Mama, now.
Now I'm thinkin', though.
[woodpecker tapping]
[Big Mama]
Mm-hmm. Oh, uh-huh.
Now... Now don't...
Don't you move, honey.
Big Mama's
gonna be right back.
Good work, Boomer.
We'll get him this time.
Shh! I think he's in there.
Whew!
Am I glad
I found you boys.
There's no time to lose.
I need your help. Now come on.
- Come on.
- Let's go, Boomer. Come on.
[stammering]
Yeah, but... Oh, shucks.
[sighing]
Oh, poor little guy.
Don't you worry now.
We're going to find
someone to look after you.
[bird] Hmm.
Hmm.
Hey,
I think I got an idea.
[whispering, indistinct]
- [whispering]
- [Boomer chuckling]
OK, Boomer,
now you know what to do.
Yeah, leave it to me.
Leave it to me.
[woman] Who is it?
Well, I was sure I heard
someone knocking. [gasps]
Oh, dear! My laundry!
Oh, here! Stop it!
[grunting]
Oh, you pesky birds!
Will you come back here?
Oh, stop!
Well, I wonder what
got into those birds.
Well, bless my soul!
Why, it's...
It's a baby fox.
[woman] Oh.
Hello, little fella.
I wonder
where its mother is.
Come on, now.
I'm not going to harm you.
Now, now.
Oh, isn't that...?
[gasps] Oh, my, my.
You're a feisty little
rascal, aren't you?
There, there, now.
Calm down.
No, I just can't leave you
out here all alone.
Oh, isn't he darling?
Now, not so fast.
Now, now, not so fast.
[hiccups]
Oh, my.
You're such a little toddler.
Say, that's what
I'm going to call you.
Tod.
You know, Tod,
I'm not going to be
so lonesome anymore.
- [vehicle approaching]
- [engine backfiring]
[engine rumbling]
I got a surprise for you,
Chief, old boy.
- [chuckling]
- [barking]
Now, now, now,
take it easy.
- [sniffing]
- [puppy barking]
Well, how's this
for a huntin' dog?
He's just a little runt now,
but he'll grow.
You may as well
get used to him, Chief.
[whimpering]
He's for you
to look after from now on.
[panting]
[yawning]
[snoring]
[mooing]
Tod,
stop pestering Abigail.
Abigail, you're going to
have to be patient with Tod.
- He's one of the family now.
- [mooing]
[barking]
Oh, of course.
Now I know.
I declare, I never
will get my chores done.
[chirping]
[squawking]
Oh, mercy!
- Tod! Tod, stop it!
- [Abigail bellows]
Abigail! Abigail!
Oh, no!
There goes my milk! Oh, no!
- Easy, easy, Abigail.
- [bellowing]
Steady, old girl. Steady.
There, there.
Tod, you come here.
I said come here!
Just look
what you've done.
Now, don't try
to butter me up.
[chuckling]
Oh, Tod, I just can't
stay angry with you.
You little imp.
Now run along and play.
Go on.
And try to stay
out of mischief.
Hey, it's Dinky and Boomer.
Maybe they wanna play.
Is this it, Boomer?
Sure, Dinky.
This is the place.
I never forget a tree. I never
forget a tree. [chuckling]
[echoing] He won't
get away this time.
Hold it, Boomer.
I think I hear somethin'.
That's him, all right, Dinky.
That's him, all right.
Shh, shh.
Get ready, Boomer.
Hey, I can hear him
movin'. Listen.
That's funny.
I don't hear nothin'.
Shh! Quiet.
Oh, that's him, Dinky.
That's him, all right.
Button your beak, will ya?
I'll check it out.
- [munching]
- [Dinky] Would you look
at that?
OK, Boomer,
he's right... there.
Yikes! Watch it!
Why, you...
Nail him, Boomer!
Sock it to him!
Hiya, fellas.
What ya doin'? Wanna play?
Stay outta this, kid.
This don't concern you.
Let him have it!
[gasps]
[Dinky]
Don't let the creep get away!
You can take him, Boomer!
Give him a left! A right!
Let him have it!
Aaah!
- Which way did he go?
- This way.
There he is!
[thud]
What happened to ya?
Golly!
Oh, shucks!
I think I bent my b-b-beak.
Now see what you done?
You cost us our breakfast.
I cost us our breakfast?
It was your fault.
- What are you talkin',
my fault?
- [Boomer] Yeah, yeah.
A worm? For breakfast?
Yuck! Blecch!
Hey, there, Copper,
what ya sniffin' at?
Somethin'... [sniffing]
I never smelled...
...before, Chief.
Huh. Let me see.
[deep sniff]
Ah, shucks, that's easy.
The master's just cookin'
grits and fatback.
You oughta know that.
Mm-mmm.
That's not what I smell.
I don't know, Chief.
- It's something else.
- [chuckling]
Sonny, you got a lot of
learnin' to do about
a-sniffin' and a-smellin'.
Hey, where you goin'?
I want to find out
what that smell is.
OK, Copper, but the master
ain't gonna like you wanderin'
off.
I won't get lost, Chief.
I can smell my way back.
[scoffs]
Can't tell these young
whippersnappers anything.
[sniffing]
What ya smellin'?
I'm on the trail
of somethin'.
Trail of what?
I don't know yet.
[sniffing]
Why, it's... it's you!
[howling]
What do you do that for?
We're supposed to do that
when we find what we've been
trackin'.
I'm a fox.
My name's Tod.
What's your name, kid?
Mine's Copper.
I'm a hound dog.
Gee, I bet you'd be good
playin' hide-and-seek.
Wanna try it, Copper?
Can I use my nose?
Sure. OK.
Now go ahead
and close your eyes and count.
One, two, three...
No, Copper! You can't peek!
- Oh.
- Now start again.
One, two, three, four,
five, six, seven...
My, my. Look at that.
A fox and a hound,
playin' together.
♪ When you're
the best of friends ♪
♪ Having so much
fun together ♪
♪ You're not even aware
you're such a funny pair ♪
♪ You're the best of friends ♪
♪ Life's a happy game ♪
♪ You could
clown around forever ♪
♪ Neither one of you sees
your natural boundaries ♪
♪ Life's one happy game ♪
- [laughing]
- [man] Copper! [whistles]
Gee, I've gotta go.
♪ If only the world
wouldn't get in the way ♪
♪ If only people
would just let you play ♪
♪ They say
you're both being fools ♪
♪ You're breaking
all the rules ♪
♪ They can't understand ♪
♪ The magic
of your wonderland ♪
[rooster crowing]
♪ When you're the best
of friends ♪
Copper!
♪ Sharing all
that you discover ♪
♪ When these moments have
passed Will that friendship
last? ♪
♪ Who can say? ♪
- ♪ There's a way ♪
- [Chief snoring]
♪ Oh, I hope ♪
♪ I hope it never ends ♪
Come on, Copper!
♪ 'Cause you're the best
of friends ♪♪
Copper,
you're my very best friend.
And you're mine too, Tod.
And we'll always
be friends forever, won't we?
Yeah, forever.
Hey, let's go swimmin'!
Give me a head start
and I can beat ya!
- [laughing]
- [water splashing]
Whoo!
Dagnabit! That Copper pup's
gone and strayed off again.
Come on, Chief.
If that little rascal's gonna
make me a good huntin' dog,
he's gotta learn to mind.
[man whistling]
Copper! Get over here!
[whistles]
- [Tod splashing, chuckling]
- Copper!
Uh-oh. I gotta go home.
Do ya have to?
We're havin' too much fun.
I gotta.
He sounds awful mad.
I'll see ya tomorrow!
- And don't forget!
- I won't!
[sighing]
[rustling]
Hey, Copper,
what happened to ya?
Why didn't you...?
Golly!
You're all tied up.
Yeah, and it's
no fun either.
The master says
I gotta stay home.
Well, we can play
around here then.
[laughing]
Oh, no. Not with old Chief
over there.
[snoring]
Is that him
making that awful noise?
He keeps me awake
at night.
Oh, don't go in there!
He can get awful mean!
He's cranky.
Gee-whillikers,
is he ever big.
His ears isn't
as big as yours, Copper.
That's not the part
you gotta worry about.
Wow! Look at those teeth.
That's the part
you gotta worry about!
I'm gainin' on him.
- He won't get away now.
- He's wakin' up!
Get out, Tod!
No. He's havin' a dream.
He's chasin' somethin'.
[Chief] When I get
him cornered... [chuckling]
It's... It's...
It's a big old badger.
Copper,
he's chasin' a badger.
No, no,
it ain't a badger.
It's a... It's a f...
It's a fox. A fox?
[barking]
[yelping, grunting]
Run, Tod! Run!
- [barking]
- [chickens clucking]
[barking]
[panting]
[growling, snarling]
[engine rattling]
[Chief barking]
[gunshot]
Tod!
[screeching]
Amos Slade,
you trigger-happy lunatic!
Give me that gun!
[cocking]
[hissing]
My radiator!
Why, you blasted female.
- I'll... I'll...
- Hold it right there!
Watch it!
That thing's loaded!
Now it ain't loaded!
Dagnabit, woman! Your thievin'
fox was after my chickens!
Rubbish and poppycock!
I don't believe it.
He wouldn't hurt a thing.
You callin' me a liar,
you muddleheaded female?
- I saw it happen!
- Amos Slade,
that temper of yours
is going to get you
into a lot of trouble.
Temper?
Temper, woman?
You ain't seen my temper!
If I ever catch that fox
on my property again,
I'll blast him!
And next time,
I won't miss!
Poor little tyke.
It's a shame I have
to keep him cooped up.
[chuckles] Tod,
stop looking at me like that.
It's not my fault,
you know.
You caused a lot
of trouble yesterday.
[Chief barking]
Oh, now what
are they up to?
[scoffs]
Why, it looks like Amos
is going on a hunting trip.
A long one,
from the looks of it.
Hmm. Well, good riddance!
Doggone meddlin' female,
- shootin' up my radiator!
- [engine sputtering]
Dad blame it. Get goin'!
There.
Well, that's more like it.
Keep runnin', old girl.
[howling]
Well, Copper, me and old Chief
are gonna teach you all about
huntin'.
Yes, sir.
It's about time too.
Attaboy. [chuckling]
Yeah, you're gonna like
trackin' down those varmints
for me.
[barking]
Uh-uh. Get in
the back, half-pint.
You gotta earn your right
to sit up front.
Well, boys, we're gettin'
outta here till next spring.
[engine rattling, backfires]
[engine backfiring]
[howling]
Tod, honey,
what are you doin' over here?
Gee, I just wanted
to say goodbye to Copper,
but I'm too late.
Well, what did you plan to do
if you ran into old Chief?
Ah, Chief. I can outfox
that dumb old dog anytime.
Tod, now hold it
just one minute.
Didn't you learn
anything yesterday?
Now you listen good, Tod,
because it's either education
or elimination.
Now if you're so foxy
and old Chief's so dumb,
then why does that hound
get the fox on the run?
'Cause he's got the hunter,
and the hunter's got the gun.
Ka-bam!
Elimination.
Lack of education.
♪ If you pal around
with that Copper hound ♪
♪ You'll wind up hangin'
on the wall ♪
♪ Keep your nose to the wind
You'll keep your skin ♪
♪ 'Cause you won't be home
when the hunter comes
to call... ♪
Oh, Big Mama, I know Copper
would never track me down.
Why, old Copper,
he's my best friend.
[chuckles]
Your best friend.
Now, Copper's gonna
do what he's been told.
Supposed to chase the little
old fox into the old foxhole,
then along comes the hunter
with a buckshot load.
- Ka-ka-ka-bam!
- [Big Mama] Elimination.
Lack of education.
You better believe it,
Tod.
Yes, sirree!
You mean Copper
is gonna be my enemy?
[Dinky] Hey!
Kid, you better step over here
and take a good look.
[creaking]
Why... Why, that's awful.
Those poor things.
I'm sorry, Tod.
Honey, Copper's gonna
come back
a trained huntin' dog.
A real killer.
Oh, no,
not my friend Copper.
He won't ever change.
I hope you're right, Tod.
And we'll keep on
being friends forever.
Um, won't we, Big Mama?
Darlin',
forever is a long, long time,
and time has a way
of changin' things.
[wind gusting]
[chattering]
Oh, Jiminy.
It sure turned cold.
- I'm freezin' my b...
- Hey!
It's that fuzzy worm!
Let's get him!
[Dinky] Charge!
[Boomer, muffled] Hey, Dinky!
Dinky, quick! Over here!
I got him! I got him!
Do I look like a worm?
That's who we're after.
Come on!
[fire crackling]
Look at that little creep,
warm and cozy by the fire.
Let me take a look.
Now how do
you like that guy?
Snug as a bug,
while we're out here
freezin' our b-b-b-beaks off.
[shivers] Well, yackin'
and shiverin' ain't gettin'
us anywhere.
We'll get that no-good worm
when we come back.
Oh, sh-sh-sh-shucks.
So long, Big Mama.
Yeah, we're goin' s-s-south
for the winter.
Goodbye, boys.
See ya next spring.
[sniffing]
[growling]
[snarling]
[whimpering]
[howling]
[engine rattling]
[laughing]
Well, look who's here.
Oh, my goodness.
I'm sorry, Tod, honey.
- I hope...
- Hiya, Big Mama.
We're back.
We flew all the way.
Yeah, we did. We did.
Welcome home, boys!
It's been kind of lonesome
around here without you little
rascals.
Hi, fellas!
Hey, who's that?
Who's that?
This can't be
that scrawny little squirt
we found by the fence post,
can it? Come on.
I...
I can't believe my eyes.
[laughs]
Oh, it's me, all right.
Hey, looky there. He's got
himself a real fancy collar.
Hey, hey, hey. Just look
at this bushy tail. [chuckles]
[stammering] Beautiful.
Aw, come on. Cut it out.
You guys are always
teasin' me.
Hey, it's him, it's him.
Squeeks.
We'll see ya later, kid.
We gotta take care
of some unfinished business.
I can't understand.
It was so healthy.
[squeaking]
There.
That oughta perk it up.
[gasps]
[sneezing]
Now, where'd he go?
Where'd he go?
[muffled] He's goin' up the
drainpipe! I'll head him off.
OK, Boomer,
we got him trapped!
Let him have it!
[rattling]
Aah!
- Did you get him?
- No, I didn't.
Neither did I.
Come on! Look!
[chuckling] A caterpillar
under glass. Oh, boy!
[electricity crackling]
- [crackling]
- [sizzling]
- Holy!
- Smoke!
Hey, hey, how's he do that,
Dinky? How's he do that?
♪ I ain't got no job
I'm a huntin' man ♪
♪ And I'd rather have a dog
than a dollar ♪
♪ So let's go banjo
ring-a-ling-a-ding-ho ♪
♪ Give a little hoot
and a holler ♪♪
Aw, come on, Chief.
Just 'cause you're not sittin'
up front, that ain't no reason
to be a sorehead.
Shucks,
if it weren't for you,
Copper'd never have turned
into a good huntin' dog.
Yes, sirree.
Now I got me
the best two dogs there is.
Right, Copper?
[howling]
Isn't he somethin', Chief?
[both howling]
[howling in distance]
Look, Big Mama!
Copper's back!
Boy, has he grown big.
Uh-huh. [chuckles]
And look at that big pile
of skins he helped track down.
I know, Big Mama.
He's a huntin' dog now.
You're right.
And you're a fox.
Ah, that won't make any
difference. Copper's gonna
be glad to see me.
Well, honey, just don't
get your hopes too high.
Look, don't worry.
I'll be careful.
I'll go tonight when Chief
and the hunter are asleep.
Boy, it's great to be back
home, isn't it, Chief?
[scoffs]
Aw, come on, Chief.
You aren't still sore, are ya?
Hey, hey, come on.
Let's scuffle.
We ain't scuffled
in a long time.
Come on, Chief!
Let's have some fun!
Oh, lay off, Copper,
you overgrown pup, you.
[growling]
Oh, let go!
Dagnabit! Let go, I say!
Oh, OK, OK.
That was your trouble
on the hunt.
Aw, come on, old-timer.
You treat me like a pup,
you know that?
Why, I think I done real good
trackin' down them varmints
for ya.
Smellin' and trackin'
ain't enough.
You gotta think nasty.
[chuckles]
OK, OK, I know.
I know.
[crickets chirping]
- [rustling]
- [clearing throat]
[sniffing]
[whispering] Copper.
Hey, Copper.
It's me, Tod.
I thought that was you, Tod.
I heard ya comin'.
Boy, you've really grown.
You have too, Copper.
I saw you comin' back
with Chief and the hunter.
- It's great to see ya, Tod.
- [Chief snorting]
But, you know, you...
You shouldn't be over here.
You're gonna get us both
into a lot of trouble.
Hey, look, I...
I just wanted to see ya.
We're... We're still friends,
aren't we?
Tod, those days are over.
I'm...
I'm a huntin' dog now.
You'd better get outta here
before old Chief wakes up.
Oh, Chief. [scoffs]
He doesn't worry me.
Tod, I'm serious.
You're...
You're fair game
as far as he's concerned.
- [Chief barking]
- It's that fox again!
[bullet ricochets]
[barking continues]
[door opens]
Oh, no! No!
They're after Tod!
After him, boys!
Go get him!
[gunshot]
[growling]
[barking]
[Chief barking]
- [crickets chirping]
- [panting]
[Copper sniffing]
[Slade] Copper!
Copper! Copper!
Tod, I...
I don't wanna
see you get killed.
Track him down, boy!
I'll let you go
this one time.
[howling]
Don't lose him!
[growling]
There they are!
Old Chief's
got him on the run!
[train whistle blowing]
Jump, Chief! Jump!
[panting] Chief!
Chief?
Oh, no!
No!
[growling]
Tod, if it's
the last thing I do, I'll...
I'll get you for this!
[echoing]
Tod!
Tod? Tod!
Oh, Tod!
Thank heaven you're safe.
Oh, poor Chief.
And it's all my fault.
I shouldn't
have let Tod go.
Big Mama!
Wake up! Wake up!
There's trouble!
[floorboards creaking]
Tod! Well, what is it?
- [banging]
- What on earth?
Widow, get out here!
Why, Amos!
What are you...?
Where is he? Where is he?
I know he's in there.
Now just a minute.
You can't come bargin'
onto my property, Amos Slade!
That fox of yours
almost killed Chief,
and I'm gonna get him!
[Slade] You can't keep him
locked up forever!
[sniffles]
[engine sputtering,
turns over]
[Widow Tweed]
♪ We met, it seems ♪
♪ Such a short time ago ♪
♪ You looked at me ♪
♪ Needing me so ♪
♪ Yet from your sadness ♪
♪ Our happiness grew ♪
♪ [chuckles] And I found out
I needed you too ♪
♪ [laughing] I remember
how we used to play ♪
♪ I recall those rainy days ♪
♪ The fire's glow ♪
♪ That kept us warm ♪
♪ And now I find ♪
♪ We're both alone ♪
♪ Goodbye may seem forever ♪
♪ Farewell is like the end ♪
♪ But in my heart's
the memory ♪
♪ And there...
you'll always be ♪
[chorus]
♪ Goodbye may seem forever ♪
♪ Farewell is like the end ♪
♪ But in my heart's
the memory ♪
♪ And there
you'll always be ♪♪
[thunder rumbling]
[wind gusting]
[thunderclap]
Hold it, sonny! Back off!
Consarn it! Where...?
Where do you think
you're goin'?
Oh, oh, excuse me, I...
[stammering] I was just
trying to...
You barge in on somebody's
house like you own it.
Tarryhootin'
around them woods,
wakin' up folks
in the middle of the night.
I honestly didn't know
anybody lived here, and I...
Well, you know it now.
Now get off my property!
Go on! Beat it!
I've been watching you, sir.
You can stay with me if you
want to.
- That's very nice of you.
- Come with me.
[engine sputtering]
[thunderclap]
She dropped that fox off
at the game preserve.
We'll get him.
[moaning]
Well, now, if you
gotta have a busted leg,
ah, this is the way
to do it.
Good food, soft pillow,
warm stove. [chuckling]
Sure beats sleepin'
in that barrel.
- [door opens]
- [wind gusting]
[door closes]
Well, now, here comes visitors
to see the invalid.
[moaning, whimpering]
How do you like that?
They didn't even ask
how I'm feelin'.
[whimpering, howling]
Chief, get back in there
before I break your other leg.
[whimpering]
Copper, Copper,
lookit here.
Now, when that fox
comes traipsin' along,
suspectin' nothin'...
[thunderclap]
Tod?
[sighing]
Oh, boy. These old wings
ain't what they used to be.
Big Mama,
you better lose a few pounds.
Uh-oh, uh-oh,
there he is, there he is.
[Big Mama] Tod!
Tod!
Oh, hi, Big Mama.
Oh, it's you, Vixey.
Hey, what brings you
way out here?
I'm lookin'
for a fox named Tod.
- He's new here in the forest.
- Oh, new? Um...
Well, what does
he look like?
Oh, he's young.
About your age.
And handsome.
Handsome? Oh, say.
Gee, uh,
he sure sounds nice.
Uh, I'm not doing anything.
I'll help you find him.
Come on. He's gotta
be around here somewhere.
[snoring]
[yawning]
Wha...?
What happened?
Where am I?
So, it's you again, hmm?
You barged in on me
last night, and now you...
I... I didn't mean to.
Just look at the...
[muttering] mess you made.
Dagnabit,
you clumsy bonehead!
I'm sorry.
It was an accident.
Excuses, excuses.
Mr. Digger, sir?
It was so too an accident.
You keep out of this,
you walkin' pincushion.
You shouldn't be so grumpy
to someone who's new in the
neighborhood.
A stranger, eh?
Why don't you go back
where you came from?
Wha...?
Well, go on.
Get goin'. Git!
Aww.
Gosh, he seems so...
I don't know, so downhearted,
Big Mama.
Well, you can't
blame him, honey.
He was dropped out here
and left all alone without
a friend in the world.
Well, maybe there's
something I could do.
You know, cheer him up.
Honey, you just said
the magic words.
Now...
[whispering, indistinct]
What? [chuckling]
But Big Mama, I don't...
Darlin', don't move.
You look beautiful.
Thank you.
Mornin', Tod.
Hello, Big Mama.
Last night was pretty
miserable for you,
wasn't it, honey?
Just terrible.
Cheer up and look around.
The forest
is beautiful this morning.
After last night,
nothin' looks beautiful.
Wow!
Who...? Who is that?
Oh, just another fox.
A lady fox.
Golly!
Is she beautiful!
I wonder what her name is.
Well, why don't you
go ask her?
Yeah. Yeah, guess...
Guess I will.
I'll... I'll go up to her
and I'll say, "You're the most
gorgeous...
The most beautiful...
[stammering]
Never seen anyone,
anywhere..." I'll say...
Hi.
Hello.
- Big Mama told me,
you know...
- I just happened to be...
May I call you
by your first name?
[Vixey]
Oh, sure. Why not?
Thanks, but what...?
What is your first name?
- Vixey.
Uh-huh.
My name is...
is... uh, Tod.
Tod?
That's a...
That's a nice name, Tod.
It looks like that farm boy
is makin' it b-b-big with her.
- [gasps]
- Shh! Now just keep it down.
Well, Tod,
you know something?
This stream is just
full of trout.
Do you think
you could catch one?
- One what?
- One what? Fish, silly!
Oh, oh, yeah! Oh, yeah.
My dear young lady...
...you happen to be looking
at an expert... fisher fox.
Oh, Tod, Tod.
Don't overdo it.
I know all the tricks.
In fact, I... I never miss.
Please let him
catch a fish.
[gasps]
Here comes a whopper!
Now, watch closely.
Tod, do you need help?
No. No,
I... I do it this way
all... all the...
all the time!
I got him.
[laughing] Oh, that farm boy,
he don't know nothin' about
f-f-fishin'.
He ain't gonna
hook her that way.
[laughing] Oh, gosh!
Tod, you're the
funniest thing I ever saw!
Go ahead!
Go ahead and laugh!
You're like everyone
else around here.
I'm sorry. I can't help it.
You are so funny.
So I can't fish!
You're a silly,
empty-headed... female!
Now just a minute.
I mean, you've got a nerve.
Why don't you grow up?
Tod, that's no way
to talk to Vixey.
Oh, raspberries!
I've had it.
Honey, don't stay mad.
You gotta be natural.
That's the trick.
Can't you see?
♪ When you have
a natural attraction ♪
♪ You deserve
a mutual reaction ♪
♪ You're gonna
get a whole lot ♪
♪ Of satisfaction ♪
♪ Here's all you gotta do ♪
♪ When you feel that ♪
♪ Natural affection ♪
♪ Leads you
in the positive direction ♪
♪ You gotta
stop showin' off ♪
♪ Start showin' up ♪
♪ With little
old natural you ♪
- [sneezing]
- ♪ Yes, you gotta
appreciate the lady ♪
♪ And now that
is a natural fact ♪
♪ 'Cause when you
be yourself ♪
♪ With the lady, yeah ♪
♪ You gonna get appreciated ♪
♪ Right back ♪♪
[chuckling]
Shh.
- But Big Mama...
- It's just getting
interesting.
Tod, I...
I just know you're
gonna love the forest.
Listen, come on.
Let me show you around.
Sure.
Come on.
[chuckling]
Look. One, two,
three, four, five, six.
Seven.
I think six
would be just right.
Six?
- Six what?
- [chuckling]
"No hunting."
Well, now, we ain't gonna
do none of that,
are we, Copper?
We're just gonna
get us a no-good fox.
All right, boy,
get trackin'.
Smell him out.
[sniffing]
[sniffing, growling]
What ya got there, Copper?
[rattling]
Good work, boy.
He'll be comin' right through
here, headin' for water.
But he won't
be drinkin' any.
[birds chirping]
What a beautiful morning,
Vixey.
You know,
I've never been happier.
Oh, Tod, me too.
[both laughing]
- That does it.
- [trap squeaking]
Amos, you crafty old coot.
The devil himself
couldn't have done no better.
Tod?
- Tod, wait a minute.
- What is it, Vixey?
I don't wanna go in there.
It's too quiet.
Oh, Vixey.
[rustling]
[sniffing]
What?
Tod, be careful.
[clicking]
[snapping]
Dad blast it!
He's gettin' away!
- [Copper barking]
- Quick, Vixey!
Go on,
head for the burrow.
[growling]
[whimpering]
[snarling]
Quick, Vixey. Out the back.
Tod!
[Copper growling]
Oh, no, Tod.
[whimpering]
[snarling]
[chuckling]
Copper! Copper!
We got 'em now for sure.
This is their only way out.
- Steady, boy.
Steady. Get ready.
- [growling]
Tod! [coughing]
We're trapped!
Tod, I'm scared.
Quick, Vixey!
This is our only chance!
Whoa! No!
I don't believe it!
[Copper barking]
Copper,
we've trapped him now!
[roaring]
[snarling]
[gasping]
- [gasping] Ow!
- [snapping]
- [roaring]
- [growling]
Copper!
- [snarling]
[gasps]
[whimpering]
Tod!
[growling]
[Copper whimpering]
[roaring]
[growling]
[whimpering]
[panting]
Tod?
[shotgun cocking]
[panting] Come on, Copper.
Get outta the way.
[whimpering]
Well...
...come on, boy.
Let's go home.
[tapping]
[chuckling]
Shh, shh. This is it.
We got him for sure now.
Oh, my g-g-gosh!
- Whoa!
- Yoww!
What happened?
Hey, there's somethin'
very familiar
about those eyes, Dinky.
Nah, it couldn't be.
Could it?
[chuckling]
Bye, Squeeks. Bye.
Good luck, honey.
[Slade] Ouch!
You're killin' me! Ouch!
Amos Slade,
will you hold still?
You're behaving
like a child.
Well, for gosh sakes,
you're hurtin' my foot, woman!
- Nonsense!
Your foot is mendin' fine.
- Ow! [moaning]
You'll soon be yourself.
Oh, land sakes.
I don't know if I like that.
- Ow! Be careful! Ouch!
- [scoffs]
He's sure makin' a big fuss
over a little old hurt leg.
[Young Tod] Copper?
You're my very best friend.
[Young Copper]
And you're mine too, Tod.
[Young Tod] And we'll always
be friends forever, won't we?
[Young Copper]
Yeah, forever.